Update Dashboard Doc (#3531)
pingcap/docs: pd-configuration-file.md

Configuration items related to the [TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-intro.md) built in PD.

### `tidb-cacert-path`

> + The path of the root CA certificate file. Configure this path to connect to TiDB's SQL service with TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The path of the root CA certificate file. You can configure this path when you connect to TiDB's SQL services using TLS.
```

+ Default value: `""`

### `tidb-cert-path`

> + The path of the SSL certificate file. Configure this path to connect to TiDB's SQL service with TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The path of the SSL certificate file. You can configure this path when you connect to TiDB's SQL services using TLS.
```

+ Default value: `""`

### `tidb-key-path`

> + The path of the SSL private key file. Configure this path to connect to TiDB's SQL service with TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The path of the SSL private key file. You can configure this path when you connect to TiDB's SQL services using TLS.
```
